received both the Diplome d¡¯Etudes Approfondies and Ph.D. degrees
in semiconductor optoelectronics from the University of Paris VI,
Paris, France, in 1986 and 1989, respectively. From 1986 to 1989, he
worked at Center National d¡¯Etudes des T¨¦l¨¦communications,
Bagneux, France, on acoustooptical devices and the study of light
scattering in semiconductor superlattices. He joined the Technical
University of Nova Scotia, Halifax, NS, Canada, as a postdoctoral
fellow in 1989 and later as a research associate, where he worked on
semiconductor nonlinear optical devices. From 1994 to 2000, he was a
Research Officer at the Institute for Microstructural Sciences,
National Research Council of Canada, Ottawa, ON, Canada, working on
semiconductor optoelectronic devices for
dense-wavelength-division-multiplexing (DWDM) applications. From
2000 to 2002, he was with MetroPhotonics, Inc., where he was the
founding Chief Scientist. He is now a specially appointed Changjiang
Professor with the Department of Optical Engineering, Zhejiang
University, and also a consultant with Lightip Technologies, Inc.,
Ottawa, ON, Canada. His current interest is multifunctional
integrated optical components and subsystems for optical
communications and biophotonics. He has published more than 100
scientific papers and holds fourteen US patents with a number of
additional patents pending.
